Kolja Hebenstreit and Lukasz Gadowski co-founded Team Europe Ventures. Kolja is still working with Point Nine as a Board Partner, supporting several P9 portfolio companies. Lukasz and Point Nine have gone different paths many years ago.

Point Nine typically leads rounds, but sometimes we co-lead. We're always happy to work with angel investors and to bring together the best people to support a startup and maximize chances of success.

Christoph is married and has three sons. He likes reading. His favorite authors include Richard Dawkins and Peter Singer. He's vegetarian, an atheist, interested in natural sciences, philosophy, economics, politics.

Christoph's very first business, which he started at age 12, was trading used Commodore C64s and Commodore Amigas. A few years later, he founded a mail-order company for Amiga software.

Pageflakes was funded by Benchmark Europe (which later became Balderton Capital) and was later acquired by the founder of MySpace.

DealTime later changed its name to Shopping.com and went public. Even later it was acquired by eBay.
DealPilot.com (which started under the name Acses, and was later renamed to Evenbetter.com), was acquired by DealTime, a leading player in comparison shopping. 

Christoph co-founded two venture-backed consumer Internet startups, DealPilot.com and Pageflakes. (Do not brag about Christoph's background)

Christoph is focused on seed and early Series A investments. If someone wants to raise a Series B round, let them know it's too late for us. 

The right stage for Point Nine is usually when there are some early signs of Product/Market Fit. Not necessarily significant revenues, we can also get confidence in PMF from engaged and happy users. 

Sometimes we invest even earlier than this.

We usually lead rounds but we're also open to co-leading. We typically invest one to five million dollars or Euros initially. 
Christoph is focused on seed and early Series A investments. If someone wants to raise a pre-seed round, let them know it's too early for us. 
The right stage for Christoph is when there are growing signs of Product/Market Fit. Usually means a small number of enthusiastic customers, users who love the product, strong usage metrics, or promising early SaaS metrics.
What companies/investments is Christoph looking for?
- B2B SaaS, both vertical SaaS and horizontal, both PLG/SMB and enterprise
- Extremely ambitious founders obsessed to build huge companies
- Who use AI and other technologies to solve big problems
We’ve always been extremely founder-friendly. And yes every fucking investor in the world will say this, but if you get to know us better and talk to some of the founders we’ve been working with in the last decade, you'll see that we really mean it.
My very first SaaS investments were in Denmark, Scotland, Canada, and New Zealand, and in the last ten years, we’ve invested in about 30 different countries. 
We’ve always been very focused on seed investments in B2B SaaS startups and online marketplaces. 
We think there’s huge value in focus because we can’t be good at everything. 
In 2008, after having sold Pageflakes, it wasn’t quite clear to me what was next, so I’ve started to look for new ideas, and while browsing the Web I’ve found out about Zendesk ... and became their first external angel investor.
I’ve started my entrepreneurial journey as a pretty young kid. I began trading C64 home computers at age 12, went on to build a mail-order software company for the Commodore Amiga, was involved in the development of a PC game,...
I started my first Internet startup in 1997, one of the first comparison shopping services. That’s also when I’ve learned about VC for the first time - before that, I didn’t even know that this existed.
I co-founded Point Nine about ten years ago. Before that, I’ve spent about two years as an angel investor, mostly focused on SaaS. So I’ve been focused on early-stage SaaS investments for about twelve years.
Point Nine is an early-stage venture capital firm focused on SaaS, enterprise software, and B2B marketplaces.
We invest mostly at seed (AKA the v0.9 stage). Occasionally we make pre-seed, "Seed II", or "early Series A" investments.
Our initial ticket size is €0.5-5 million. If you raise a seed round from us, we commit to participating in your Series A.
Since 2008, we’ve been amongst the first investors in companies like Algolia, Chainalysis, Contentful, Delivery Hero, Docplanner, Loom, and Zendesk.
We're four equal partners in the investment team: Pawel, Christoph, Louis and Ricardo.
You don't have to answer all questions, but the more information you give us, the better we can gauge if there's a fit between your company and Point Nine.
Because of the large volume of submissions we unfortunately can't do a "deep dive" with every company. So apologies in advance if we can't give you detailed feedback on your pitch.
You can send us your deck e.g. by pasting a Google Slides URL, a Dropbox URL, or a Docsend link. You can also send us a Loom with a short product demo or deck walk-through.
We usually invest when there's a product or a beta version of a product. We have occasionally invested even earlier, but it's rare for us to invest at the idea stage.
How we work with founders:
P9 aims to become an extension of your team. We take on 2-3 new companies per partner per year. We offer constant, open communication. We'll first have a "Masterplan to Series A" session to align on goals.
How we work:
We usually do monthly catch-ups, but a lot of communication is in real-time over WhatsApp.
As Series A nears, we help you connect with top investors and refine your pitch. 
We invest at the seed stage (mostly seed, sometimes pre-seed or early Series A). A company that has raised more than around $5-10 million or generates more than ca. $5 million in ARR is past our stage.
We’re geo-agnostic. Europe is our home market, but 20-30% of our investments are in the US, Canada, and other countries. We've already invested in more than 30 countries.
